##Summary
This tool is a simple AVISynth script that takes a video file as input and then sticks a title on the front of the video and a ending on the end of the video. The python utility allows for extra settings like adding a Title and Subtitle ontop of the title screen.

## Why?
I found myself having to make a bunch of simple videos with a title and ending legal credits, so I decided to mostly automate the process.

## Requirements
- [AviSynth](http://avisynth.nl/index.php/Main_Page)
- [ffmpeg](http://ffmpeg.org/download.html)
- [Python > 2.7.9](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

## How to use
There is a python interface for this script setup. Run `video-maker.py` and provide it the video file and any optional arguments you wish. Make sure you replace `title.png` and `end.png` with your desired title and ending slides respectively. Font and text colors can be changed in the `static-config.avs` file. All the parameters in the `config.avs` file are generated by the python script and will be overwritten each time the script is run. 

All videos are set to 1280x720 as this is the reccomended upload size for youtube.

#### Advanced Usage
You can test to see what the outlook will look like by manually adding your changes to `config.avs` and then running `main.avs` in windows media player. This will cause AviSynth to assemble and output the video frame by frame, thus allowing you to preview your video before going through the time and processor intensive transcoding of hte video. 

## Example

```shell
videomaker.py ./test.mov --title="my awesome title" --subtitle="subtitle line1 \nSubtitle line 2"
```
The above code will take the `test.mov` file and generate `test.mp4` which will have a title slide of 100 frames with the `title` and `subtitle` text put on the `title.png` image, in addition `end.png` will be appended to the end for 100 frames. 

## License
Apache 2.0, feel free to reuse for personal or professional work. I hope you can leverage this to keep yourself from going insane with mundane tasks. Credit to the Author is always nice but not required. 